Python (#4)
AdaGold/tdd-exercise: README.md

# TDD Exercise

## Learning Goals 
- Practice identifying test cases
- Practice writing tests with pytest
- Practice the Test Driven Development (TDD) programming workflow

## About BlackJack

In this exercise we will write a method and set of tests in TDD fashion which calculates a hand's BlackJack score.

> In the card BlackJack each card has a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the card game BlackJack each card has a value.
```

When a hand's score is greater than 21, the hand is a **bust** and the player automatically loses.

## Problem Set

### Part 1:  Identifying Edge & Nominal Cases

Independently, identify some of the following tests cases

- At least two nominal cases
- At least three edge cases

## Classroom activity

### Part 2:  Identifying Edge & Nominal Cases

> Your classroom instructor will provide instructions on how to complete the following steps.

Author: ```suggestion
In class, you will:
```

> Your classroom instructor will provide instructions on how to complete the following steps.
> 1. Review the test cases you identified in Part 1
> 1. Determine how you would test these cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your classroom instructor you will:

1. Review the test cases you identified in Part 1
1. Determine how you would test these cases
```
